Added opacity setup in config. Added error icon if the entity is unavailable (#14)
queimadus/cover-icon-element: README.md

| entity            | string  | **Required** | Home Assistant cover entity ID              |                     |
| breakpoints       | array   | **Optional** | Sorted array of 4 elements which maps a cover's position to the number of bars shown in the Icon. <br /> <pre>     0 <= pos < arr[0] -> 4 bars <br/>arr[0] <= pos < arr[1] -> 3 bars<br/>arr[1] <= pos < arr[2] -> 2 bars<br/>arr[2] <= pos < arr[3] -> 1 bars<br/>arr[3] <= pos <= 100   -> 0 bars</pre>    | `[1, 50, 75, 100]`    |
| color             | string  | **Optional** | Sets the base Icon color                    | `"#4d4d4d"`         |

> | opacity           | float   | **Optional** | Sets opacity (0..1) for the "opened bars"   |      `0.3`          |

Reviewer: Nitpick
```suggestion
| opacity           | float   | **Optional** | Sets opacity (0..1) for the Icon open bars  | `0.3`               |
```
